1.Create a program that asks the user to enter  their name and their age. 
Print out a message addressed to them that tells them the year that they will turn 100 years old.

2.Write a Python program which accepts the radius of a circle from the user 
and compute the area. Sample Output : r = 1.1Area = 3.8013271108436504                

3. Write a Python program which accepts the user's first and last name and 
print them in reverse order with  a space between them
  
4. Write a Python program to get the volume of a sphere with radius

 
5.Write a program that prompts the user to enter an integer for today’s day 
of the week (Sunday is 0, Monday is 1, ..., and Saturday is 6). 
Also prompt the user to enter the number of days after today for a future day 
and display the future day of the week. 
Write a program that prompts the user to enter three integers 
and displays them in increasing order. (using if..elif structure)

6) Print the following pattern
1 
2 2 
3 3 3 
4 4 4 4 
5 5 5 5 5

7) Reverse a given number and return true if it is the same as the original number

8) Given a two list of ints create a third list such that should contain only odd numbers 
from the first list and even numbers from the second list

9) Return the number of times that the string “Emma” appears anywhere in the given string

10.Write a program that reads an unspecified number of integers, determines how many positive 
and negative values have been read, and computes the total and average of the input values 
(not counting zeros). Your program ends with the input 0. 
Display the average as a floating-point number. Here is a sample run:

11.(Financial application: compute future tuition) Suppose that the tuition for a university 
is $10,000 this year and increases 5% every year. 
Write a program that computes the tuition in ten years and the total cost of four years’ 
worth of tuition starting ten years from now.

12.(Find the highest score) Write a program that prompts the user to enter the number of students
 and each student’s score, and displays the highest score. Assume that the input is stored 
in a file named score.txt, and the program obtains the input from the file. 

13.(Find the two highest scores) Write a program that prompts the user to enter the number 
of students and each student’s score, and displays the highest and secondhighest scores. 

14.(Find numbers divisible by 5 and 6) Write a program that displays, ten numbers per line, 
all the numbers from 100 to 1,000 that are divisible by 5 and 6. The numbers are separated by 
exactly one space. (hint : use loop and lambda )

15.Write a program that reads an integer and displays all its smallest factors, 
also known as prime factors. For example, if the input integer is 120, the output 
should be as follows: 2, 2, 2, 3, 5


